Add docs & api-docs for Azure Secrets Static Roles (#908)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.21.x (rc)/content/api-docs/secret/azure.mdx

[docs]: /vault/docs/secrets/azure
[roles]: /vault/docs/secrets/azure#roles
[groups]: /vault/docs/secrets/azure#azure-groups

## Create/Update static role

@include 'alerts/enterprise-only.mdx'

This endpoint creates or updates static role definitions. Static roles are used to
manage pre-existing service principals in Azure.

| Method | Path                        |
| :----- | :-------------------------- |
| `POST` | `/azure/static-roles/:name` |

### Parameters

- `name` `(string: <required>)` – Specifies the name of the role to create. This
is specified as part of the URL.
- `application_object_id` (`string: <required>`) -  Application Object ID for an existing service principal that will
be managed by this static role.
- `ttl` (`string: ""`) - Specifies the duration of time that the role's credentials are valid for. Accepts time
suffixed strings ("1h") or an integer number of seconds. Minimum of 1 year (8760h); if not set, or set to 0

> will use the default value of 2 years (17520h).

Author: The first sentence doesn't seem clear to me? 1 year is just a lower bound of the parameter.

> will use the default value of 2 years (17520h).

Reviewer: The original text implies that the value has to be at least 1 year, no?

> will use the default value of 2 years (17520h).

Author: Right. I guess it just didn't seem clear to me on the first read. But if you think that's the way to go, I am good with it.

```

## Read static role

This endpoint retrieves the named static role definition.

| Method | Path                        |
| :----- | :-------------------------- |
| `GET`  | `/azure/static-roles/:name` |

### Parameters

- `name` `(string: <required>)` – Specifies the name of the static role to read.
This is specified as part of the URL.

### Sample request

```shell-session
$ curl \
    --header "X-Vault-Token: ..." \
    --request GET \
    http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/azure/static-roles/my-static-role
```

### Sample response

```json
{
  ...
  "data": {
    "application_object_id": "408bf248-dd4e-4be5-919a-7f6207a307ab",
    "ttl": 8760,
  },
  ...
}
```

## List static roles

This endpoint list all existing static roles in the Azure secrets engine.

| Method | Path                  |
| :----- | :-------------------- |
| `LIST` | `/azure/static-roles` |

### Sample request

```shell-session
$ curl
    --header "X-Vault-Token: ..." \
    --request LIST \
    http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/azure/static-roles
```

### Sample response

```json
{
  "data": {
    "keys": ["my-static-role1", "my-static-role2"]
  }
}
```

## Delete static role

> This endpoint deletes an existing static role by the given name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete an existing static role by name.
```

| Method   | Path                        |
| :------- | :-------------------------- |
| `DELETE` | `/azure/static-roles/:name` |

> ### Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Path parameters
```

- `name` `(string: <required>)` – Specifies the name of the static role to
delete. This is specified as part of the URL.

```shell-session
$ curl \
    --header "X-Vault-Token: ..." \
    --request DELETE \
    http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/azure/static-roles/my-static-role
```

## Get static credentials

> This endpoint returns the current credentials based on the named static role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetch the current credentials associated with the named static role.
```

| Method | Path                       |
| :----- | :------------------------- |
| `GET`  | `/azure/static-cred/:name` |

> ### Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Path parameters
```

> - `name` `(string: <required>)` – Specifies the name of the static role to get
> credentials for. This is specified as part of the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name` `(string: <required>)` – Name of the static role to get credentials for.
```

### Sample request

```shell-session
$ curl \
    --header "X-Vault-Token: ..." \
    http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/azure/static-creds/my-static-role
```

### Sample response

```json
{
  "data": {
    "client_id": "408bf248-dd4e-4be5-919a-7f6207a307ab",
    "client_secret": "9PfdaDP9qcf98ggw8WSttfVreFcN4q9c4m4x",
    ...
  }
}
```

## Manually rotate static role password

> The `rotate-role` endpoint rotates the password of an existing static role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rotate the password of an existing static role.
```

| Method | Path                       |
| :----- | :--------------------------|
| `POST` | `/azure/rotate-role/:name` |

> ### Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Path parameters
```

> - `name` `(string: <required>)` – Specifies the name of the static role to rotate the password for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name` `(string: <required>)` – Name of the static role you want to rotate the password for.
```
